Documentation project settings Blender (#60)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/admin_hosts_blender.md

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Blender Project Settings

### Set Unit Scale
Enable it to define a default unit scale. 
- **Apply on Opening Existing Files:** enbale it to set the unit scale defined below to apply it on exiting files you open.
- **Base File Unit Scale:** define here the default unit scale. 

![Set Unit Scale](assets/project_settings_blender_unitScale.png)

### Color Management (OCIO managed)
//

### Workfile Builder

> Find more informations about the Workfile Builder in the [Nuke Documentation](project_settings_nuke.md#workfile-builder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more informations about the Workfile Builder in the [Nuke Documentation](admin_hosts_nuke#workfile-builder).
```

Wrong link. Also we should probably take that workfile builder docs out of hosts, and maybe do a global section on it with some tutorials. It will be repeated a lot probably
